  What, so everyone’s supposed to sleep every single night now? You realize that nighttime makes up half of all time?
  I hate to break it to you, but what people call “love” is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle. Rise above. Focus on science.
  Listen to me. I know that new situations can be intimidating. You're lookin’ around and it’s all scary and different, but y’know … meeting them head-on, charging into ‘em like a bull — that’s how we grow as people.
  Weddings are basically funerals With a cake.
  I always slay it, queen.
  I'm a scientist; because I invent, transform, create, and destroy for a living, and when I don't like something about the world, I change it. 
  Honey, stop raising your father's cholesterol so you can take a hot funeral selfie.
  Sometimes science is more art than science.
  wubba lubba dub dub.
  The universe is basically an animal. It grazes on the ordinary. It creates infinite idiots just to eat them. 
  To live is to risk it all; otherwise you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you...
  I turned myself into a pickle! I’m Pickle Ri-i-i-ick!
  Have fun with empowerment. It seems to make everyone that gets it really happy.
  Well, scientifically, traditions are an idiot thing.
  Don’t get drawn into the culture. Stealing stuff is about the stuff, not the stealing.
  Does evil exist, and if so, can one detect and measure it? Rhetorical question. The answer’s yes, you just have to be a genius.
  I’ll tell you how I feel about school: It’s a waste of time. Bunch of people runnin’ around bumpin’ into each other, got a guy up front says “2 + 2,” and the people in the back say, “4.” Then the bell rings and they give you a carton of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or somethin’. I mean, it’s not a place for smart people. I know that’s not a popular opinion, but that’s my two cents on the issue.
  Listen, I’m not the nicest guy in the Universe because I’m the smartest. And being nice is something stupid people do to hedge their bets. Now, I haven’t been exactly subtle about how little I trust marriage. I couldn’t make it work, and I could turn a black hole into a sun, so at a certain point, you’ve got to ask yourself what are the odds this is legit and not just some big lie we’re all telling ourselves because we’re afraid to die alone? Because, you know, that’s exactly how we all die … alone.